
Today is the day we get this app submitted to the ios app store.


ISSUES FROM XCODE TO iPHONE TEST

- ~~Booting up the app showed the background ui before the splash preload graphic~~

- ~~Demo content did not load. User lands on Demo Playlist there is no content. New content has been created, basically we decided on one track, /Users/paulfisher/Polyplay/public/demo/demo-art.mp4 /Users/paulfisher/Polyplay/public/demo/demo-audio.mp3~~

- Also, on fresh launch, "My Playlist" exists on the playlist dropdown. This is not consistent with the web app. I don't want structural changes to screw anything up but we've been over the new user boot up a lot of times. New user final landing place is in Demo Playlist with the Demo content below the Quick Tour welcome box.

- Title at the top of the app needs to say v1.0.0

- Currently, on first launch, the artwork on the playbar has a strobing amber glow until the user taps it for the first time, this is very awesome, I would like this to happen also with the minimize playbar button (user taps it and the amber glow goes away). This serves as an interactive tutorial. 
	- I would like this to also happen for the vibe button and the DIM button

- Tapping Aura+ button on fullscreen playback, the flashes happen to fast and they are laggy

- Coming back into the app after the first time, when user clicks Demo playlist from the dropdown, it doesn't go to it and get this message
>⚡️  [debug] - [first-run] isInitialDemoFirstRunState {"activePlaylistId":"polyplaylist-demo","activePlaylistName":"Demo Playlist","activeIsDemo":true,"hasImported":true,"hasOnboarded":true,"officialDemoTracks":[],"nonDemoTrackCount":1,"isInitialDemoFirstRunState":false}

>⚡️  [debug] - [first-run] isInitialDemoFirstRunState {"activePlaylistId":"d0043df9-8a59-4c3e-afdb-1534e477960c","activePlaylistName":"Pol","activeIsDemo":false,"hasImported":true,"hasOnboarded":true,"officialDemoTracks":[],"nonDemoTrackCount":1,"isInitialDemoFirstRunState":false}

>Keyboard dismissed with nonzero focus preservation count; check for unbalanced calls to -_incrementFocusPreservationCount


Title at the top of the app needs to say v1.0.0

- Currently, on first launch, the artwork on the playbar has a strobing amber glow until the user taps it for the first time, this is very awesome, I would like this to happen also with the minimize playbar button (user taps it and the amber glow goes away). This serves as an interactive tutorial. 
	- I would like this to also happen for the vibe button and the DIM button

- Tapping Aura+ button on fullscreen playback, the flashes happen to fast and they are laggy



- demo track should be titled Welcome to Polyplay v1"

did we already fix this one?
- If user imports a Vault backup, all onboarding stuff must go away (golden New playlist button and tooltip and welcome boxes) - i just tested importing and it worked but "start by creating a new playlist" lingered.